what is going on guys this is clutch
once again with that second squad that I
promised year earlier today and this
team isn't actually a squad builder
challenge the next one will be tomorrow
but this team was made by the one and
only inactive known as aren't I
right who hopefully will be will start
to be more active soon as he has
promised but who knows we'll see mm but
he did I was talking to him the other
week and I said that I'd be starting to
make squads again and he said I should
really try this one and I tried it and I
wasn't disappointed i really enjoy
playing with his squad so kicking it off
in net we have the one and only manual
nya and really sturdy this year really
reliable knife selling shots that goes
at him he'll save and it's an absolute
least on this game along with the
centre-back who I didn't really great
last year that they really like drone
bolting on 12 but 15 he's a completely
different game and he is an absolute
animal and he's really steady at the
back and he's pretty strong and fast
along with this guy who is felipe
santana the second of the three
overpowered centre-backs in this team
and sometimes can actually rock and one
player that I kind of overlooked but
I've got him in packs quite a lot and I
always wanted to use him in the squad
but never really got around to making
one was vasa he's another good
centre-back and he fits into this team
really well I wasn't disappointed he was
surprisingly good it got god card starts
but I didn't expect him to be as good as
he actually was and but making that link
with also a defensive mid we have
Muntari and when Tyra is what you wanted
to send about great defending and he
sits back and he's not too bad going
forward but I wasn't too bothered by
that because he's the defensive mid and
this team had plenty of
attacking prowess you'll see that in a
minute though but moving on to right mid
we have Quincy and five-star skills
pretty cheap and he was an absolute
animal I really enjoyed playing with him
and unto the second defensive mid this
is probably my favorite defensive mid in
this game which is bastian
schweinsteiger I like Ramirez but
Schweinsteiger just does everything for
me it gets goals defends well he's
everywhere he's just a machine is he's a
boss in the midfield and but moving on
to left mid I never play that I've
really enjoyed using this year which is
Robinho probably had more fun with him
when when I made that skull team earlier
this year if you haven't already seen it
then I'll leave a lot connotation in the
video and but he I prefer him a left
wing but he did play all right at left
mid I don't know why but as I've said in
many videos before I don't really use my
left and right midfielders that much
when i when i played 352 and that wasn't
a different case this time and it was
the same I would have probably yeah so I
would have referred him at left wing but
he still did and work up some manic
magic when he managed to get the ball
and attacking mid we had Boateng who is
an absolute tant this year absolutely
love the fact that about four stars
girls I can do skills with him and score
some great goals with him and up from
the first strike we have is oh not
Hernandez I had kind of did that in
haste and the first record we have is
Adrian and really sturdy is the one
thing that I would have liked with hard
Rihanna is maybe four star skills he's
only got three but when it comes to
finishing and just being a goalscorer he
is amazing along with this one who is
definitely my favorite striker on this
in this game crazy goals two games
record I have with him Falcao is an
absolute animal and if you have the
coins he is seriously dropped in price
in most of you should be able to afford
him now if you have the coins I
definitely go for me is probably one of
the most on the rate of play on the game
and people going about gueros and
Benzema's and all that but falcao is
really where it's at he's an absolute
tank and well yeah that is another squad
don't thank you once again to Danny fern
and showing me the squad it was
absolutely amazing and I hope you
enjoyed the video don't forget to leave
a like if you enjoyed it and also check
out Danny's channel which will be in the
description and also subscribe if he
knew but until tomorrow guys it had been
clutch purse
you